In the previous video, we set up the data that has to be fed to the machine learning model.
And here we are going to create the CNN model and everything else that we need to make it work properly.
OK, so first the model.
It's going to be a chain which is going to be a sequential model.
The first layer is a convolution layer in which the filter size is going to be three by three and it's
going to have one channel coming in and 16 channels going out.
OK, and the activation is going to be rectified.
Linear unit, the next layer is going to be a bullet.
So, Max, pulling if you're not familiar with that, you can look at any tutorial for machine learning
and then explain what makes pooling and everything else is.
But really, it's fairly straightforward.
OK, then we have another convolution layer in which 16 channels come in and it go out.
That is followed by a max bullet again, and then we flatten it.
And then there is a dense layer of ten because that is the number of classes that we have.
And finally we have a software.
And finally we have a softmax.
So that is our basic model.
We can run this and we get the model out.
So this looks really weird, but that's our model that we have defined over here.
We are going to need the one called, which is the opposite of one heart.
So if you give it a one shot representation, it's going to create the class for you.
We have the cross entropy, which is the loss, and we also have the throttle, which allows us to perform
some tasks while the learning is going on.
We'll see what this means in a minute.
OK, so we're going to have M is equal to model.
So this is just to make the code look a little cleaner.
We are going to have our optimized as Adam.
There are many other options.
You can use the best gradient descent, you can use the momentum based.
You can use the Nesterov, which is really popular, and you can use the and Adam as well.
We're going to stick with Adama's are optimized for now.
OK, we also need to define what the accuracy is.
So accuracy is going to be, you can word, whatever the model predicts into one goal.
So if this predicted a one out of five, we are going to convert this into a five.
And we are also going to convert our way back to one goal and we are going to do a piecewise equality
check.
So essentially what this means is, on average, how many we get, right?
So that's what accuracy is, how many answers we got.
Right.
So that is our accuracy.
Our loss is going to be flux, not losses.
Don't cross entropy.
What the model predicted and what the ground truth was that Harless gets across entropies defined previously
in the previous video or the one before that we defined our loss manually.
Here we can use just across entropy that comes with flux so we don't have to define it by hand.
OK, so that's a loss.
We can go ahead and perform the training using the loss and the parameters and the training set and
the optimizer so this we can do before given.
So instead of having to calculate different matrices by hand, after a little while, we can give it
a callback.
So what a callback function does is it's going to be called automatically by the training function after
give an interval.
So for that, we are going to define a new function if LCB.
So this is over here and we're going to use it to throttle.
So what does is at this many seconds, it's going to call this function for you.
So that's what it does.
It's going to ask you for a function and a time.
So every 10 seconds it's going to call this function.
And what is this function doing?
It's not taking any parameter in and it's simply going to show the accuracy on the test set at that
time.
So if you recall, we created this test set and it's going to every 10 seconds, just show the accuracy
on the test set at that time.
OK, so this makes sense.
So once again, we defined the loss as cross entropy.
We have the parameters for Model M, which are going to be built automatically because we have defined
this thing over here so we don't have to do it by hand.
We have the training set.
We have the optimizer, which is currently said to Adam, but you can change it.
And we have the callback function, which is going to be automatically called every ten seconds to show
the accuracy.
OK, so if you do that, it's going to run the training and every 10 seconds or so it's going to output
the accuracy on our test set.
So let's see how well this does.
So it starts off with a really good accuracy of point of five.
So that's really horrible.
But immediately after a little while, it jumps two point six four.
So you can go ahead and run this again.
So if you run this again, it's going to start off from where you left off.
So point six goes two point seven two, and then it's going to improve and it goes all the way up to
approximately 90 percent accuracy, which is fairly good for a start.
OK, it might look slightly complicated at the moment, but what we're going to do now is clean everything
up, get rid of everything that was here for explanation and make the code look really clean so that
you can see what you actually have to do when using flux.
OK, so let's go ahead and do that.
So we're going to.
Restart the gun and clear all the airports so that you know that this is working perfectly fine and
fresh, so this is all we have.
We have some imports.
We have the function that gets the training and test data and we pass it.
The bad guys, it goes ahead and loads the mislabel.
It loads the images, converts them to the proper format and creates a training site based on the partitions
that we have according to the bad sites.
So that's the training images and training limits.
We also have the test images and it's levels.
So we do the same thing over here and then return all of these back.
So that's our function for getting the data for our model.
We have a simple function over here that creates the model.
This is just separated so that we can look at it and change it later on.
Finally, we have a trained model function which asks you how many iterations you should run and it
also has a default parameter for optimizer.
Currently we have set this to Adam, but you can posit a different one.
We are going to do a musical to build model.
We are going to get all the training and test data.
We are going to set the laws, we are going to define what accuracy means, we are going to set our
call back and then go ahead and do the training for a number of times.
OK, so that's all there is to it.
Now, you can go ahead and call this on the data with the optimizers said to Adam and patrician's is
equal to three.
So you can just run that.
It takes a little bit of time, but that's because Julia has to do a lot of compilation the first time
around the next time it runs really fast.
So as you can see, it starts off with a pure accuracy of point one eight, and it's going to jump to
a really high accuracy pretty quickly after it finishes with the accuracy of point eight eight.
So 88 percent accuracy, not bad, but not really state of the art.
But we've only run the hydrogen for a little while.
So as you can see, the whole code that we have is very clean and it's a very small piece of code and
it works really well.
OK, and the idea is that we can now go ahead and experiment using different optimizers, different
number of iterations and different other options so we can go ahead and run this for an which works
really well.
We can also run it for Adam and the base gradient descent algorithm, as well as a gradient descent
algorithm which has been set to learn a little faster.
So alpha value, the learning parameter is set to zero point for all of these and wait until all of
these are done and then we can discuss briefly their results.
So all of these have finished running and we can see that Adam topped out at 88 percent and Adam went
right up to ninety one point six percent of them did really poorly, like 66 percent.
Only the base gradient descent algorithm went all the way up to ninety one point eight percent.
And the gradient descent algorithm with the learning rate Alpha set two point four, went really quickly
to appoint nine five nine.
So this works really well.
So this goes to show that even the state of the art models may not perform well if you don't set them
properly.
So.
The base like 2012, or I guess even older than that gradient descent algorithm works really well if
you set the alpha parameter properly.
So the point is that you can go ahead and experiment with all of these different things.
And if you want to look at other stuff, you can click on this link.
And that will take you to the flux documentation where you can take a look at different optimises and
their respective parameters as well.
So a lot of stuff to go over here, but you can see that you have the descent algorithm that we've used
in which you can set the alpha, which is the learning rate so integrated into it.
They call it Eita.
We typically called Alpha.
You can also have the Momentum Optimizer and Nazarov and so on and so forth.
Quite a lot of them are available over here.
So this documentation is typically in transition, so it's difficult to work with.
But once you understand this code over here, you should be able to read it really well.
So that concludes our discussion about how to use machine learning algorithms.
All you have to do now is go ahead and change your model over here and experiment further with this.
In the next video, we are going to see how you can get your experiment from one machine to another
machine or continue an experiment that you were getting out earlier on by saving your model and loading
it later on.